All right I opened up my AWOS console and what I'm going to do now is I'm going to go to Dynamo D-B.
And here we go.
So dynamo D-B dashboard is up against me and as you can see it's a no sequel database for all kinds
of applications with a highly reliable and performance way.
So as you can see I don't have any tables currently with Dynamo DB.
So AWOS is showing me this display.
So of course I can go and create tables with the dashboard of a W-S console and with the help of it.
But we're going to do all of that with our Python API.
So we're going to be making use of create tables updates and everything else.
So we're going to be implementing all of those actions with our code.
So to start creating our project with PI charme ID I'll be seeing you on the next video.